Hey, good morning family. How are y'all
doing? This will probably be one of the
most important messages I've ever given
on this platform, so I really want
you to listen carefully. I'm
going to start it out like this:
my wife and I
gave you the list of the readout
of that visitation from that man.
I've tried to find him; I don't know
if he's still alive or if he went on
to go home with the Lord, but
he had another visitation
back in 2014,
the same year that I had
mine. He went to
the
tribulation, and the Lord showed him
tribulation. Every single thing that
he
saw was different than what
the Lord showed me, which is absolutely
amazing,
but they fit together like a puzzle.
I'm going to have my wife read
his visitation; it's a dream he had.
Now, I believe I had an
out-of-body
experience. I
haven't been able to speak to
this man, but I'm going to tell you all,
it's like you can take a puzzle piece from
someone
who had the other
pieces and
put them
together to make a whole puzzle. I know
there's probably someone out there that has
more pieces to the puzzle, even
about the asteroid. I told you all about
the asteroid hitting Miami
in the Atlantic Ocean,
wiping out the islands, and
the water coming inland
into the East Coast. Whenever I told
you the Lord said,
'Woe,
America! Woe, America! I have favored you
and I have loved you above all nations,
and I have prospered you
above all nations,'I gave that
word and put it down. It was
just a couple of months ago. It's almost
like the Lord didn't
want me
to find this word until now
because it would have
influenced my word. Am I
hearing this, or am I hearing the word
from this man? That's why this has just
been so divine,
though;
it's just like a clock, it's
perfect. Finding it right
now just shook me, y'all, because
whenever I hear the Lord, I'm telling you,
I hear the Lord. And whenever I tell
you I have a visitation from the Lord
Jesus and I see him face to face, there's
nothing that I've ever exaggerated.
I speak exactly what he says to tell
you all. That's why it shook me so
much—this
visitation from this man having
similarities, even things
about the boat and
the
EMP and everything.
He's seen it all. He even said that
you'll hear about the earthquake
that I told you all was going to
happen in Portland, Oregon. He saw it, and
it's amazing the detail that he
brings. You
can
go back and listen to
some of my videos of what the Lord spoke
to me. He'll even say
in this that he doesn't know if
this is pre-trib or during the
tribulation,
and
I
don't either. All I know is I saw
this stuff. I don't know a timeframe,
but
I know that it is a
spanking—it's
a judgment and a
wake-up.
I personally believe we're still
here for some of this. So
I'm going to link my
videos in the description
so you all can find
them easily—the words that I've given
that
go just like a mirror to what
this man saw. I don't
even know how old this man is, but he was
a professor at ORU. My wife was at
ORU
going to school
there; she never knew him as a professor,
but
I don't know if he's
gone
home to be with the Lord.
We're going to go straight to my
wife, and she's going to read this
visitation. Please listen to the whole
thing; it's very serious. Hi family. I
just want to take a minute and say thank
you so much for all the encouragement
from the last time I read. I take
reading things from
the Lord very seriously and really wanted to do
honor to God through it.
I will just start
this. This week I had a dream. It was a
terribly frightening dream. In it, I saw a
huge angel standing suspended in the air
over New York
Harbor. It looked so large that it
covered the night sky. His body was clad
in golden armor as if he was going to
war. His face and entire being were so
bright that I could not gaze up at him
for long. White beams of light seemed to
radiate outward from him in all
directions. He was standing over the
Statue of Liberty. It was night, but I
could hardly see the lights around him
coming from New York City as he blazed
so brightly with divine light. He reached
for his belt that was covered with a red
sash around his midsection and drew out
his sword. It was so massive it blazed
with light and fire all around it. It
looked at least 100 feet long. I have never
felt such fear when I saw an angel
before. I just knew this mighty
warring
spirit had authority from the very
throne of God. He had a grim expression
as he held this mighty sword over his
head with both hands. I could see that he
was poised to hit the Statue of Liberty
and cleave it in two. I trembled and
tried to hide, but the angel was looking
directly at me and I knew there was
nowhere to go that he would not see me.
Then he spoke. His voice was like thunder
and echoed throughout the whole harbor.
He said, 'How long will you refuse to
humble yourself,
O
America? You have been weighed in the
balances of God and found wanting. Your
beginning was great and noble, but your
end shall be disgrace and
destruction.'Okay,
hold on right here. Did you hear
that? Again, read that again: 'How long
will you refuse to humble yourself,
O
America? You have been weighed in the
balances of God and found wanting. Your
beginning was great and noble, but your
end shall be disgrace and
destruction.'That's
exactly the word the Lord gave me,
which
my son can vouch for. It's to the
T,
y'all. It was identical.
There's no word missing from what
the Lord gave me.
'But I have weighed you in the
balance and you are
lacking.'He
kept saying this
to me three times.
He was quoting Daniel to
me. Thus saith the Lord of Heaven's
armies, the Lord of hosts: 'Time is running
out. The bowls of my wrath are full of my
fury and judgment. They shall be poured
out upon you. You shall drink them down
to the dregs, every drop. I have come to
you day and night pleading with you to
return to me for over 100 years. I am
merciful and longsuffering. It brings me
no joy to judge you, but you have
hardened your hearts and scoffed at my
warnings through my prophets and my holy
servants. I brought you from nothing and
exalted you, O America, higher than any
other nation, but now you have fallen
lower than Sodom. You have sinned greater
than Egypt. You have become prouder than
Babylon and Persia. You have become more
selfish than Rome. You have exalted
yourself in your own wisdom higher than
Greece. You have more idols and high
places of idolatry and luxury than any
Gentile kingdom in history. Your
beginning was pure and great, but now the
stench of your sin and filth fills my
nostrils. I shall cut you in pieces, and
you shall reap the harvest of wrath from
what you have sown. You shall no longer
be the queen of nations. Now you shall
bear your shame and become the lowest of
the heathen nations. Now, as Agag, you
shall be hacked in pieces.
O
earth, earth, earth, hear ye the word of
the Lord!'Then to my horror, that massive
sword came smashing down on Lady Liberty.
When it hit the top of her head, there
was a blinding flash of light and that
sword split her in two right down the
middle. Then the sword came again and
again against her. It divided her in
pieces, and as the sword would finish each
strike, fires would burst forth. I heard
terrible explosions. The vision of the
statue ended with an earthquake as it
was hacked into pieces and sunk into the
harbor. I was weeping and crying out to
God for mercy. Never had I seen this side
of God before.
Never had I
seen the wrath of the
Almighty. Then
the dream shifted
and I started to zoom outward from New
York Harbor, traveling in the
air over
America. What I saw was horror beyond
anything I have ever
seen. I saw the United States seem to
crack in two with a giant earthquake
right down the middle. I saw the
southeastern United States covered with
a giant wave of water from the ocean. I
saw a massive earthquake that just
seemed to crack off the coast of
California. It reminded me of a
saltine
cracker that just cracked, and the great
cities along the West Coast just fell
into the ocean all the way from Mexico
up to Alaska, and giant waves flooded
inland until much of the West Coast just
wasn't there. It disappeared into the
Pacific Ocean. Do you all remember that
word? That's exactly what I saw. Then
I saw three giant rocket missiles that
took off into the air. Two came from
the ocean waters and one came from
land. All
of them blew up in the air
in the upper atmosphere within five
seconds
of each other.
They were terrible nuclear bombs,
but the last one was the biggest and it
created a huge mushroom cloud over the
Midwest part of America. Then the ground
shook and everything went
black. There wasn't any electric light
coming out of any of the homes. Then
candles began to be lit and a
little light was seen. There were other
nuclear explosions and many people
perished throughout the nation. There was
just twisted metal and charred debris in
cities that once were tall and majestic.
There was widespread looting and gangs
roaming about everywhere with guns,
stealing whatever food and supplies they
could find. Then I saw what looked like
elite riot police go
into communities and cities,
force
the people out of their homes, and bring
them
into what looked like
concentration camps. Some of
these police armies had light
blue helmets on. Hundreds of thousands of
people were arrested in this way. Many
would not cooperate and were just shot
and left dead in their
homes. But there were millions of hidden
groups that escaped the first wave of
these
disasters. Revival broke out, and great
evangelists, prophets, and apostles
rose up and began to preach to thousands
outdoors.
Miracles of provision,
multiplications of food and water,
and
astonishing healings occurred. Millions
of people cried out to God, and he heard
and
answered. I knew that this was not just
happening in America, but the great
tribulation was upon them and all over
the world.
I saw multitudes of
tribulation saints refusing to renounce
Jesus as Lord. They were starving,
but still refused to take the stamp
on their bodies so they could eat and
live. There
were kiosks in every little town.
They advertised food and water only if
you went inside them and took the
electronic mark. Freeze. This is
what I saw. Remember I told you all they
tried to fake the mark of the beast?
They put a mark on their head,
trying to put a bruise or a sore on
their hand, and I
saw moms
who
were so desperate for food
they wanted to go to these
kiosks
to get food for their children
because they were starving to death.
Some went
in, bowed down to holographic movie
images of the Antichrist, and were
branded in their hands and foreheads
with an electronic tattoo-like stamp.
When they came out, they
had a zombie-like look; their minds and
souls were gone. It looked like they had
a spiritual lobotomy. Then these
immediately joined the armies of these
police units and were given weapons.
They were like robots doing
the Antichrist's bidding. See, and I told
you all about that. I said they looked
like they were not there,
like their minds are gone.
They don't cry. Remember I told you about
the children born in the tribulation?
All kids
below the age of 15 were taken, but
if you were born in the
tribulation,
these are the children
that would suffer. The
Bible
says, 'Woe
to you who give suck in those
days.'He
talks about a chip that is
like a tattoo. I actually saw
people being injected with some kind of
microchip, and that's why I told you I
believe it has to do with Neuralink.
That was one of the things that I saw.
Every Friday, they were in white outfits
and they were worshiping the
Antichrist. I knew that they were lost
forever, but quite a few did not make it
out. They were tortured mentally and
physically inside the kiosk.
If they still refused the mark of
the beast, there was a laser that shot
through their brain and heart and sliced
their heads off. Then they were
immediately incinerated.
Nothing but ashes
remained. This
made the Nazi death camps look
like a picnic.
Millions of people were executed in this
way via computer systems
with such precision and efficiency that
I marveled that something like this was
even possible.
Then
I was back looking at that terrible
angel of the Lord, and he said, 'Warn
everyone! Flee from the wrath to come!
Repent and turn to Jesus while you still
can!'And
so, in
finishing this up, he went to
the Holy Spirit asking
if it was pre-trib, mid-trib, or
post-trib,
asking
who's
right and what
is
the right theology to
take. This is the word he got:
'The Holy Spirit said,
"Not all of my people will be ready when
I sound the shofar of my coming in the
air. Half of those that profess belief in
me will be left behind, as it is written
in the parable of the wise and foolish
virgins.
I am coming for
those that are prepared and
expecting my return. But I am not leaving
the earth without a strong witness of my
grace and glory. In fact, I
have allowed some to choose whether they
want to stay to be a part of the
greatest revival of all
history, or to go on before to my
wedding supper. But it is not my best for
them. I do not want to see them suffer in
these last seven years.
Remember, it is only by faith that
you will escape these things coming upon
the earth. If you don't believe I am
coming for you to take you out before
the coming wrath is poured out upon the
earth, I have no obligation to do
so."'Read
that again. He said this is the Lord
speaking: 'Remember, it is only by
faith that you will escape these things
coming upon the earth. If you
don't believe I am coming for you to
take you out before the coming wrath is
poured out upon the earth, I have no
obligation to do so.'But remember, all
those that will be left behind will be
killed for their stand for me. Many
champions for me shall arise and not
compromise during the time of
Jacob's trouble. I will arise and protect
those that will stand for me then until
their works are finished.
I have already separated my bride
from the Laodicean church. I have warned
the church over and over to flee from
the wrath to
come now.
Now
I'll just add that the greatest warnings
have been in the last 120 years, which
directly parallels Noah preaching while
he built the ark. Nobody listened to him,
but God had sent
prophets
like
Ravenhill,
repentance preachers
like David Wilkerson, and
Steve
Hill.
Even now
there are people warning, but
the church
would not listen to sound doctrine
anymore; they departed from the Bible.
Now they're preaching with itching ears,
wanting
smooth messages that make you
feel good.
You don't find fulfillment by
becoming the ultimate you; you
do it by losing your life and
letting Jesus live in you. That's where
the real joy is.
Time is
running out fast. Get into the ark of
safety. Flee from the love of sin
and the world before it is too
late. Is this plain enough for you?
Listen now. Do not look
back upon Sodom like Lot's wife did.
Flee the city of destruction.
Come into my secret
place. Embrace
the truth of my promise that I have not
appointed you for wrath.
Blessed and holy are those that
obtain
this first
resurrection. This is
all in the Bible.
When are you
going to start
believing
it? I am coming for those who
love my soon appearing in the sky.
I am
coming for those that love heaven
more than they
love the passing pleasures of sin.
Keep your lamps burning brightly. The
midnight hour is here.
We must heed
this.
May
the grace and peace of our Lord Yeshua
the Messiah rest upon you.
I'm telling you,
that should get you so excited! I
saw
the marriage supper
of the Lamb and
the preparations they were doing
for us—all the personal name tags,
the parade,
everything. For he is good and his mercy
endures forever. He's coming back for
a bride without spot
or
wrinkle, a people
who has their lamps full of oil.
If you're lukewarm, he said
he'd spew you out of his mouth.
It's
time for people to rise up
and tell people that Jesus is coming.
I'm passionate about this because I
hear the Lord telling me all the time,
'Son,
we are in the last of the last
seconds.'It's
like a woman
in labor;
the labor pains
are intensifying on a day-to-day basis.
No
man knows the day or the hour,
but
he could come back very soon. Look around
you. Israel is at
war now, folks.
It's escalating.
Sin
is rampant around us. We hear the
itching ears in the churches
preaching compromise instead
of
holiness.
Yes,
it's by grace, but we're to live a
holy lifestyle separated unto Jesus as
best as we can.
Our righteousness
is as filthy rags, but
there is a
separation from the world where
you want to be more like Jesus.
If you were
in a prison lineup
being convicted of being a Christian,
would
you be convicted? Would they
lock you up
for the rest of your life?
Is there a
separation where they
know for a fact
that person right there is a Christian?
It's time to get hot for Jesus
and
keep
our lamps full on a day-to-day basis.
A
lot of you are going to a church
that
doesn't
preach a solid word-based
gospel. You're going in there getting an
itching-ear
gospel
for
30 minutes
with
fog machines and
lights.
They're losing the purity of
preaching
repentance.
It's so
important that you understand
filling
your lamps
full of oil.
I've warned you what the
Lord told me: half will be taken, half
will be
left.
Which one are you?
Don't put it off. There
was a
man in the comment
section who said he
could
live
like a heathen for a while because
it doesn't sound like he's coming back
soon. Why would you gamble your
soul?
No man is promised
tomorrow. You could die tonight in your
sleep.
People think they
can
sow
their
wild oats and
serve Jesus ten years from now,
but
they die nine
years into it and
are in hell for eternity.
The wages of sin is death.
It's time today to ask
Jesus to be your Lord and
Savior.
Are you ready to stand at that great
white throne of judgment?
When
he says, 'What
did you do for
me?'will
your
cup be empty?
I pray God has mercy.
We're running out of time.
I always look for
him during the September timeframe, during
Rosh Hashanah.
Could it be this year?
I've rambled on long enough,
but I wanted you to
see the parallels.
God is speaking to different prophetic
voices to
warn them.
He
put us to be a watchman on the wall. I
feel like I'm Paul Revere riding my horse
through the towns telling
the minutemen, 'Jesus is coming! Jesus
is
coming!'to
get you woke up for the spiritual war.
Father, I thank you for
every single person.
Say, 'Jesus,
come into my heart. Write my name in the
Lamb's Book of Life. I
make you my Lord and personal
Savior.'He
made it so a little
child can get saved;
it's easy.
Father, I
thank you
for
healings and wholeness in
these people's homes. We call in unsaved loved ones in Jesus'name. Angels, go out and bring them home. We're running out of time. Our children, wayward husbands, moms, and dads—we call them home in Jesus'name. We thank you that you don't want one to perish. We bind the demonic distractions
and spirits that would hold them down and command you to release our
loved ones. We call
the harvest of
souls in the name of Jesus. Father,
give us creative
ideas
to bring souls into your kingdom.
I thank you
for the anointing of
the Holy Ghost to flow through us.
It's time for a great
new outpouring of your spirit—new wine and new
wineskins.
Fan the flame in
these people today in Jesus'name. We call
for
a fullness of fire,
like gasoline on a
flame.
I
want to tell
you all thank you for watching.
If you could click the
notification bell, it really would bless
us. If you could like the video and put a
comment down below,
we're curious
where your heart's at.
We thank you
all for your support.
You're helping get the gospel
spread throughout the world. Another
person gave their heart to Jesus
and
some got baptized in
the Holy Ghost this week.
Thank you for all your
love and kindness. God bless
you all;
Jesus
loves
you so much. We will
see you next time. Y'all have a blessed
and wonderful day. Bye-bye.